Help document (#19)
iberianpig/tig-explorer.vim: doc/tig-explorer.txt

==============================================================================
REQUIREMENTS                                       *tig-explorer-requirements*

- tig (https://github.com/jonas/tig)

==============================================================================
INSTALL                                                 *tig-explorer-install*

By vim-plug: >
    Plug 'iberianpig/tig-explorer.vim'
<

By NeoBundle: >
    NeoBundle 'iberianpig/tig-explorer.vim'
<

If you use Neovim, you have to add the dependency to the plugin bclose.vim:

By vim-plug: >
    Plug 'rbgrouleff/bclose.vim'
<

By NeoBundle: >
    NeoBundle 'rbgrouleff/bclose.vim'
<

==============================================================================
COMMANDS                                               *tig-explorer-commands*

Add following script to ~/.vimrc

TigOpenCurrentFile                                       *:TigOpenCurrentFile*
    Open tig with current file

TigOpenProjectRootDir                                 *:TigOpenProjectRootDir*
    Open tig with Project root path

TigGrep                                                             *:TigGrep*
    Open tig grep.

>     And you can pass fraze like `:TigGrep (fraze)` to open with the fraze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    And you can pass PATTERN like `:TigGrep (PATTERN)` to grep with the PATTERN.
```

Author: thanks
